Update Brimcap docs for phase-out of "brimcap load" (for merge with brim/1716) (#114)
brimdata/brimcap: docs/Troubleshooting.md

To start debugging such problems, it helps to understand how Brim opens flows
extracted from pcaps. Once the [5-tuple](https://www.napatech.com/what-is-a-flow/), connection start time, and connection
duration are isolated from the Zeek `conn` record for the flow, Brim

> executes a `brimcap search` command to extract the packets for the target flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
invokes `brimcap search` to extract the packets for the target flow
```
